https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13654 small change (#6958)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/obs_config.adoc

When the observability service is enabled, the hub cluster is always configured to collect and send metrics to the configured Thanos instance, regardless of whether hub self-management is enabled or not. When the hub cluster is self-managed, the `disableHubSelfManagement` parameter is set to `false`, which is the default setting. The `multiclusterhub-operator` enables the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod by default. You must configure the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod.

> Metrics and alerts for the hub cluster appear in the `local-cluster` namespace. The `local-cluster` is only available if hub self-management is enabled. You can query the `local-cluster` metrics in the Grafana explorer. Continue reading to understand what metrics can be collected with the observability compnent, and for information about the observability pod capacity.

Author: ```suggestion
Metrics and alerts for the hub cluster appear in the `local-cluster` namespace. The `local-cluster` is only available if hub self-management is enabled. You can query the `local-cluster` metrics in the Grafana explorer. Continue reading to understand what metrics you can collect with the observability component, and for information about the observability pod capacity.
```
